So in our exercise,
we're going to validate your development environment.
Specifically, we are going to add some code to make a truffle test that initially,
is set to be failing to start passing in your development environment.
The commands you will run our NPM test,
and initially you will get an error.
We will fix it using the test script that I've already provided,
then we will test it again.
If at that point the test passes successfully,
you have a good development environment and you can go on to the next step.
All right. I'm going to switch over to my code editor now.
If you have the repo that is associated with this course on your computer,
you should now be looking at visual studio code similar to this.
The specific test we want to look at is in the file
named ExerciseC6A.js. So we'll open that.
I'm going ahead and view my terminal here. All right.
Bump up my code size just a little bit more. All right.
So now that this is in place,
one of the first things you would have already done is NPM install.
I'll go ahead and do it again just to make sure that I have the latest and greatest.
So since my computer was already up to date for this particular project,
there's no other files downloaded.
All right, and now let's run test,
npm test, and we expect to get a failure.
So the contracts are being compiled,
and you should be seeing the exact same scenario here.
If you are running into any problems at this point,
please check to make sure that Grenache is running.
Also if you refer to the Read Me file,
I'll create a handy section there called troubleshooting,
that lists some of the common causes why this might fail at this point.
So please review that also.
So at this point,
we've got our code,
and we've got a test that's failing.
So our first exercise which will work on together,
and subsequent exercises you can do yourself initially,
is to make this test pass.
Now let's review what this test is actually doing.
So what this test is doing is,
checking that the contract can register a new user.
Let's look at the code for that.
So it might contract here,
it's a very simple scenario,
where you can add users with a specific profile to a collection called user profiles.
Here's the code that we are testing.
It says registered user.
It takes two parameters and address,
and whether the user that we're registering is going to be an admin or not,
and it ensures that we don't duplicate users.
If that user is not already registered,
they can go ahead and get registered.
Notice here that on line 85,
we have require contract owner.
So this is a function modifier.
Let's take a look at what that function modifier does.
What that function modifier is doing is checking to make sure that
the person or the user calling this particular function is the contract owner.
The contract owner is set up at the beginning when the contract is deployed in
the constructor to be the person or the account that is deploying the contract.
So what that tells us is that,
this particular function is going to fail if the caller is not the contract owner.
Let's go back to our test,
and you can see here that the caller is set to account one.
Now to give you an idea of what that is,
I'd like to orient you a little bit with how
the testing framework is set up in this particular project.
So the important thing to consider here is a file name testConfig.
So what this does,
is provide you various accounts and
the artifacts needed to test your contract functions quickly and easily.
So the first thing is you have here is accounts.
Now this is something that truffle does.
It provides all the accounts that are unlocked and usable with Grenache.
There should be 10 of them in the setup we have.
In this testConfig, I also provide an array of Ethereum addresses.
These are just random addresses for the purpose of testing later in the script.
Ultimately, what we do is we combine all of this,
and we pass it off as the return value,
which is then used in the test as config.
So the variable config is hydrated right here by calling test.config.
So now for all your tests,
you have this nice environment where you've got test addresses,
as well as the accounts that can be used.
The test that is set up here is set up in a typical arrange,
act, and assert pattern. So let's see what happens.
So we set the caller to be accounts one.
Now recollect that config has accounts
zero through nine setup as unlocked accounts on Grenache.
So this should work in terms of sending the transaction over.
We then set up a new user with an arbitrary test address.
This is where those test addresses are referred to earlier are useful.
We will call the register user function,
and we'll say the admin user is false,
and the caller of that particular function is going to be accounts one.
So when we run this,
we are getting a failure,
and the reason for that failure is because the contract is
deployed by the accounts index zero.
So simply changing this index to zero, saving,
and then re-running the test will ensure that you will have a successful test.
So it's compiled, reset,
and will execute the test momentarily just a contract,
and we have one test passing.
So what I'll do now is give you
about five minutes to ensure that
the development environment is set up correctly on your end,
and that you are able to get the project to the point
where your test is successfully passing.